/*
Name: Amir Vassell
Seneca Email: arvassell@myseneca.ca
Student ID: 154737209
Date Completed: April 15, 2021

I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.
*/

This project was a long and challenging one but the most important thing is the amount of concepts I have learnt from doing this project. Completing this project means alot to me because I can call this a completed project. Every concept learnt throughout this semester has been implemented in various ways with this project. The help I received allowed me to finish it. In all honesty, courses like this cannot be done by yourself. I believe that the best way to get pass courses like these are with the help of your peers and professors. Multiple workshops and multiple milestones could not have been possible if weren't helping each other. Getting help with the concepts and how to implement them is what lets everyone learn in this type of course because when one person helps one, that same person can help another and the cycle continues. WIth everyone combining knowledge and implementing solutions in different ways. it is the definition of tema work makes the dream work. The most challenging parts of this project for me was with the dates which I got help from (not code) just explanations, in the BSD program. The dates module was the most difficult to me and also formatting the strings. Memory leaks were also giving me issues but The more I encountered them the more I knew how to solve them. The way I went about solving all of these issues were just asking questions. The issues I faced weren't necissarily due to not knowing the concepts it was due to not knowing how to implement what I know in the way I should to get the required output. Asking around and receiving advice from varioues peers was what got me through this project. The more help I got also, the more help I could give to other students which is fulfilling to know that you are able to explain something to someone to meet a deadline and to get through the course. Also, explaining the concepts allowed me to better understand the concepts myself even after implementing them. The biggest thing I've learnt in this semester is, just ask questions, because that's the only way you'll get help and actually get passed it. don't give up, even when it gets hard. Also, the way how the workshops and milestones were set out by not having to enter this magnitude of input was really helpful especially because matrix is so keen and strict on what it accepts. That was the biggest thing because that actually made me able to submit my work on time and have to worry less about matrix spaces and unknown lines. The way matrix was used this semester and the way we were required to code around getting a specific output with minimal input allowed for a different and more secure feel of my grades and also more secure about meeting deadlines. I have learnt alot more this way. My take on this semester is that. It was a good one. Adapting to online school as well. It was a good one.